README.md: add build steps for Visual Studio 2019 / MSVC (#1775)
google/filament: README.md

### Windows

#### Building on Windows with the Visual Studio 2019 compiler

Install the following components:

- [Visual Studio 2019](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads)
- [Python 3.7](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.7.0/python-3.7.0.exe)

> - [Cmake 3.13 or later](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.13.4/cmake-3.13.4-win64-x64.msi)

Reviewer: I think CMake 3.14 is the first one to have the Visual Studio 2019 generator.

Reviewer: Also, Cmake -> CMake

Author: thanks, done.

> - [CMake 3.14 or later](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v3.13.4/cmake-3.13.4-win64-x64.msi)

Reviewer: Please fix the link to CMake 3.14

> Open an appropriate Native Tools terminal for Visual Studio, for example the `Developer Command Prompt for VS2019`.

Reviewer: Please mention that it needs to be a x64 terminal.

Author: thanks, done.

> Open an appropriate Native Tools terminal for Visual Studio for x64, for example the `Developer Command Prompt for VS2019`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the `x64 Native Tools Command Prompt for VS 2019`.
```

Author: thanks and done

Create a working directory, and run cmake in it:

```
> mkdir out
> cd out
> cmake ..
```

Then, you should be able to load the generated solution file `TNT.sln` in Visual Studio and build the `material_sandbox` project.

Run it from the `out` directory with:
```

> > ssamples/Debug/material_sandbox.exe ../assets/models/monkey/monkey.obj

Reviewer: ssamples -> samples

> > samples/Debug/material_sandbox.exe ../assets/models/monkey/monkey.obj

Reviewer: Please use Windows-style backslashes: \
